add some improvements to anomalies collector following dogfooding (#10736)
netdata/netdata: collectors/python.d.plugin/anomalies/README.md

## Requirements

- This collector will only work with Python 3 and requires the packages below be installed.

> - Typically you will not need to do this, but, if needed, to ensure Python 3 is used you can add the below line to the `[plugin:python.d]` section of `netdata.conf`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- _Optional_: Ensure your node uses Python 3 by adding the line below to the `[plugin:python.d]` section of `netdata.conf`.
```

> ```yaml
> [plugin:python.d]
> 	# update every = 1
> 	command options = -ppython3
> ```

Reviewer: GitHub is showing some error here, I think because you labeled this codeblock as `yaml` and/or the whitespace? Maybe this suggestion will fix it.

````suggestion
```conf
[plugin:python.d]
    # update every = 1
    command options = -ppython3
```
````

Install the required python libraries.

```bash
# become netdata user
sudo su -s /bin/bash netdata
# install required packages for the netdata user
pip3 install --user netdata-pandas==0.0.38 numba==0.50.1 scikit-learn==0.23.2 pyod==0.8.3
```

## Configuration

> Install the Python requirements above, enable the collector and restart Netdata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the Python requirements above, enable the collector, and [restart Netdata](/docs/configure/start-stop-restart.md).
```
